Documentation/STEP.md, before:

# Simple Tashi Step by step : 

## Import base package before Tashi : 
- In Unity Editor > Package manager > Unity Registry : Find and Install some packages (Netcode of gameobjects , Lobby, Relay maybe).

## Import newest Tashi package : 
- 28/7/2023 : 0.3.0 is available here : https://github.com/tashigg/tashi-network-transport/releases/tag/v0.3.0  (Update Tashi Relay)
- Download it and put tgz into folder Assets > Plugins 
- In Unity Editor > Window > Package Manager > Add package from tar ball > Choose Tashi.tgz from Assets > Plugins. 

- Tashi Relay URL https://eastus.relay.infra.tashi.dev/  ( Steven )

## Add Network Manager and Funtional button : 
- Create empty GameObject, add Network Manager component : Choose Transport protocol, drag player prefab and setup network prefabs lists.
- Choose Tashi Network Transport : Fill setup for relay base url or not. 
- Create in UI some buttons such as Start Server, Start Host and Start Client. Each button will call the function corresponding to function in Network Manager. 
- Create empty GameObject and attach new script to manage this scene. Script maybe have name like PlaySceneManager.cs 
- Open PlaySceneManager.cs and add some basically func : Start Host, Start Server, Start Client. using Unity.NetCode to use NetworkManager.Singleton or get info about NetCode.
- Add onClick for 3 button that we created before
- In Player Prefabs : Add component Network Object, Network Transform, Network Animation .. for sync some basic info. 
- Here I override Network Transform and Animation to Client Network Transform, Client Network Animation to turn off authoriatative from server. Trust on your clients.
##

Commit message:

+ Spawn Player in Host and Client. Host sync position,anim OK. Client not ready to do anything.

Documentation/STEP.md, after:

# Simple Tashi Step by step : 

## Import base package before Tashi : 
- In Unity Editor > Package manager > Unity Registry : Find and Install some packages (Netcode of gameobjects , Lobby, Relay maybe).

## Import newest Tashi package : 
- 28/7/2023 : 0.3.0 is available here : https://github.com/tashigg/tashi-network-transport/releases/tag/v0.3.0  (Update Tashi Relay)
- Download it and put tgz into folder Assets > Plugins 
- In Unity Editor > Window > Package Manager > Add package from tar ball > Choose Tashi.tgz from Assets > Plugins. 

- Tashi Relay URL https://eastus.relay.infra.tashi.dev/  ( Steven )

## Add Network Manager and Funtional button : 
- Create empty GameObject, add Network Manager component : Choose Transport protocol, drag player prefab and setup network prefabs lists.
- Choose Tashi Network Transport : Fill setup for relay base url or not. 
- Create in UI some buttons such as Start Server, Start Host and Start Client. Each button will call the function corresponding to function in Network Manager. 
- Create empty GameObject and attach new script to manage this scene. Script maybe have name like PlaySceneManager.cs 
- Open PlaySceneManager.cs and add some basically func : Start Host, Start Server, Start Client. using Unity.NetCode to use NetworkManager.Singleton or get info about NetCode.
- Add onClick for 3 button that we created before
- In Player Prefabs : Add component Network Object, Network Transform, Network Animation .. for sync some basic info. 
- Here I override Network Transform and Animation to Client Network Transform, Client Network Animation to turn off authoriatative from server. Trust on your clients.

* When import using Tashi, got an error when build to Mac app : The type 'Random' is defined in an assembly that is not referenced. You must add a reference to assembly 'Unity.Mathematics, Version=1.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=null'.  So back to using NetCode for continues.

## Setup Player : Move, control 
* Target : Setup for control right client owned, camera follow client owned. 
- In Third Person Control : In Update > Check if(!IsOwner) return; so if you're not owner of this client, you can control. 
-
